# Bootstrap

Bootstrap was developed by Mark Otto and Jacob Thornton at Twitter, and released as an open source product in August 2011 on GitHub.  

## What is Bootstrap?  
  
Bootstrap is a very big library of CSS and JavaScript components and functions. It's most important and defining feature is that it produces websites that preserve their layout and formatting through a score of devices with varying screen sizes. This produces websites that can be said to be responsive to the screen size of the device it's being viewed at. The library was developed with a _Mobile First_ philosophy, and that makes the core of Bootstrap.

## How to use Bootstrap in your websites?

There are two ways this could be done.  

	* Download the library and link it to your html files
	* Include Bootstrap from CDN

The latest compiled version of Bootstrap CSS can be included from CDN(Content Delivery Network). MaxCDN provides support for it's CSS and JS.
jquery has to be linked too.

### MaxCDN  

```html
<!-- Latest compiled and minified CSS -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/css/bootstrap.min.css">

<!-- jQuery library -->
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.1.1/jquery.min.js"></script>

<!-- Latest compiled JavaScript -->
<script src="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
```

#### Advantage of using the Bootstrap CDN:  
Many users already have downloaded Bootstrap from MaxCDN when visiting another site. As a result, it will be loaded from cache when they visit your site, which leads to faster loading time. Also, most CDN's will make sure that once a user requests a file from it, it will be served from the server closest to them, which also leads to faster loading time.
